docs: harmonize readme with template (#881)
canonical/rockcraft: README.md

# Rockcraft

[![Rockcraft][rockcraft-badge]][rockcraft-site]
[![Documentation Status][rtd-badge]][rtd-stable]

> **Rockcraft** is the command-line tool for the rock container format, which are
> OCI-compliant images based on Ubuntu. It handles all the repetitive and boilerplate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Rockcraft** is the command-line tool for building rocks, which are
OCI-compliant container images based on Ubuntu. It handles all the repetitive and boilerplate
```

With "the rock container format" being singular, it feels a bit unnatural to follow it up with "which are".

# Rockcraft

[![Rockcraft][rockcraft-badge]][rockcraft-site]
[![Documentation Status][rtd-badge]][rtd-stable]

**Rockcraft** is the command-line tool for the rock container format, which are
OCI-compliant images based on Ubuntu. It handles all the repetitive and boilerplate
steps of building a rock, directing your focus to what really matters – the rock's
content. From independent software vendors to container users of any experience level,
Rockcraft is for anyone who wants to build production-grade rocks.

## Basic usage

A rock's build configuration is stored in simple language as a project file called
`rockcraft.yaml`.

From the root of your container's codebase, Rockcraft creates a minimal `rockcraft.yaml` with:

```bash
rockcraft init
```

After you add all container's packages and dependencies to ``rockcraft.yaml``, bundle
the rock with:

```bash
rockcraft pack
```

## Installation

> Rockcraft is available on all major Linux distributions, Windows, and macOS.

Reviewer 2: Today we don't test either Windows or macOS, so I don't know how confident we can state that we support those.

Author: b0733f8
